abc_action_bar_home_description=Navigate home
abc_action_bar_home_description_format=%1$s, %2$s
abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format=%1$s, %2$s, %3$s
abc_action_bar_up_description=Navigate up
abc_action_menu_overflow_description=More options
abc_action_mode_done=Done
abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all=See all
abc_activitychooserview_choose_application=Choose an app
abc_search_hint=Search…
abc_searchview_description_clear=Clear query
abc_searchview_description_query=Search query
abc_searchview_description_search=Search
abc_searchview_description_submit=Submit query
abc_searchview_description_voice=Voice search
abc_shareactionprovider_share_with=Share with
abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application=Share with %s
abc_toolbar_collapse_description=Collapse
status_bar_notification_info_overflow=999+
app_name=VodQAReactNative
catalyst_copy_button=Copy
catalyst_debugjs=Debug JS Remotely
catalyst_debugjs_off=Stop Remote JS Debugging
catalyst_dismiss_button=Dismiss\n(ESC)
catalyst_element_inspector=Toggle Inspector
catalyst_heap_capture=Capture Heap
catalyst_hot_module_replacement=Enable Hot Reloading
catalyst_hot_module_replacement_off=Disable Hot Reloading
catalyst_jsload_error=Unable to download JS bundle. Did you forget to start the development server or connect your device?
catalyst_jsload_message=Fetching JS bundle
catalyst_jsload_title=Please wait…
catalyst_live_reload=Enable Live Reload
catalyst_live_reload_off=Disable Live Reload
catalyst_perf_monitor=Show Perf Monitor
catalyst_perf_monitor_off=Hide Perf Monitor
catalyst_poke_sampling_profiler=Start/Stop Sampling Profiler
catalyst_reload_button=Reload\n(R, R)
catalyst_reloadjs=Reload
catalyst_remotedbg_error=Unable to connect with remote debugger
catalyst_remotedbg_message=Connecting to remote debugger
catalyst_report_button=Report
catalyst_settings=Dev Settings
catalyst_settings_title=Catalyst Dev Settings
